Rework OSDK intros + Golang examples (#28372)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/osdk-golang-generate-crd.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operators/operator_sdk/osdk-golang-tutorial.adoc

[id="osdk-golang-generate-crd_{context}"]
= Generating CRD manifests

After the API is defined with `spec` and `status` fields and custom resource definition (CRD) validation markers, you can generate CRD manifests.

.Procedure

* Run the following command to generate and update CRD manifests:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ make manifests
----
+

> This Makefile target invokes the `controller-gen` utility to generate the CRD manifests at `config/crd/bases/cache.example.com_memcacheds.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Makefile target invokes the `controller-gen` utility to generate the CRD manifests in the `config/crd/bases/cache.example.com_memcacheds.yaml` file.
```

> [id="osdk-golang-generate-crd-validation_{context}"]

Reviewer: I'd make this a separate module - it looks like conceptual information, which shouldn't be in a procedure.
